Add documentation for dimension validators (#218)
codingjoe/django-pictures: README.md

argument, the `PictureFileFile` instance. You can use this to override the
processor, should you need to do some custom processing.

### Validators

> The library includes built-in validators to control image dimensions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library ships with validators to restraint image dimensions:
```

> ```python
> from pictures.models import PictureField
> from pictures.validators import MaxSizeValidator, MinSizeValidator
> 
> class Profile(models.Model):
>     picture = PictureField(
>         upload_to="avatars",
>         validators=[
>             MinSizeValidator(400, 300),    # At least 400x300 pixels
>             MaxSizeValidator(4096, 4096),  # At most 4096x4096 pixels
>         ]
>     )
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
from django.db import models
from pictures.models import PictureField
from pictures.validators import MaxSizeValidator, MinSizeValidator

class Profile(models.Model):
    picture = PictureField(
        upload_to="avatars",
        validators=[
            MinSizeValidator(400, 300),  # At least 400x300 pixels
            MaxSizeValidator(4096, 4096),  # At most 4096x4096 pixels
        ]
    )
```
```

Use `None` to limit only one dimension: `MaxSizeValidator(2048, None)` limits only width.

> **Note:** These validators check image dimensions, not file size. Consider implementing HTTP request body size restrictions (e.g., in your web server or Django middleware) to prevent large file uploads.

Reviewer: Let's use proper GH markdown syntax:
```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> These validators check image dimensions, not file size. Consider implementing HTTP request body size restrictions (e.g., in your web server or Django middleware) to prevent large file uploads.
```
